README.md, before:

This is a NPM package for Tables, Created By [Dhavan Singhal](https://github.com/Dhavansinghal).

## What It Is

With this NPM Package you can change your normal table with Datatable. Now You may be wonder what is a Datatable? the Datatable is a table with some filters like Search Option, Filter with date.<br/> that's it???<br/> No!! you can hide a row or you can print the table or you can export the table as a pdf file. 

### `npm install React-Datatable`

this command is all you need to install the npm package in your project.<br/>
Now you must be wonder about the depandancies <br/>
it is where the sad part came, this npm package is only for react project till now <br/>
and you need two preinstall npm packages to use this package this list of those package is given below:<br/>
["bootstrap": "^4.5.2"](https://www.npmjs.com/package/bootstrap) : install this package with `NPM install bootstrap` command <br/>
["framer-motion": "^2.6.0"](https://www.npmjs.com/package/framer-motion) : install this package with `NPM install framer-motion` command 


**Note: raise and issue for any problem you face!**

Commit message:

readme creation is not that easy

README.md, after:

This is a NPM package for Tables, Created By [Dhavan Singhal](https://github.com/Dhavansinghal).

## What It Is

With this NPM Package you can change your normal table with Datatable. Now You may be wonder what is a Datatable? the Datatable is a table with some filters like Search Option, Filter with date.<br/> that's it???<br/> No!! you can hide a row or you can print the table or you can export the table as a pdf file. 

### `npm install React-Datatable`

this command is all you need to install the npm package in your project.<br/>
Now you must be wonder about the depandancies <br/>
it is where the sad part came, this npm package is only for react project till now <br/>
and you need two preinstall npm packages to use this package this list of those package is given below:<br/>
["bootstrap": "^4.5.2"](https://www.npmjs.com/package/bootstrap) : install this package with `NPM install bootstrap` command <br/>
["framer-motion": "^2.6.0"](https://www.npmjs.com/package/framer-motion) : install this package with `NPM install framer-motion` command 


## Don't Like The Table UI?

although i tried my best to make the UI Good and simple at the sametime. this table is responsive as well. <br/>
but if you still reading this than i think you don't like it, do you??<br/>
you don't have to answer that question. Yes!! you can modify the design the way you want.<br/>
for make this easy for you i attached a ID with almost every element. you can refer the Below Picture For that.



**Note: raise and issue for any problem you face!**
